[doc] logql: logql engine support exec vector(0) grama (#7044)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/logql/metric_queries.md

The `by` clause does the opposite, dropping labels that are not listed in the clause, even if their label values are identical between all elements of the vector.

See [vector aggregation examples](../query_examples/#vector-aggregation-examples) for query examples that use vector aggregation expressions.

> ## FUNCTIONS

Reviewer: Let's match the case of other h2 headings

```suggestion
## Functions
```

> LogQL supports a subset of built-in functions.
> 
> - `vector(s scalar)`: returns the scalar s as a vector with no labels.vector expr is mainly used in the oncall alarm logql rule to  turn no data to zero.
> 
> Examples:
> 
> - Count all the log lines within the last five minutes for the traefik namespace.
> 
>     ```logql
>     sum(count_over_time({namespace="traefik"}|[5m])) or vector(0)
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LogQL supports a set of built-in functions.

- `vector(s scalar)`: returns the scalar s as a vector with no labels. This behaves identically to the [Prometheus `vector()` function](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/functions/#vector).
  `vector` is mainly used to return a value for a series that would otherwise return nothing; this can be useful when using LogQL to define an alert.

Examples:

- Count all the log lines within the last five minutes for the traefik namespace.

    ```logql
    sum(count_over_time({namespace="traefik"}[5m])) # will return nothing
      or
    vector(0) # will return 0
    ```
```
